---
title: "Call for applications 2019-2020"
excerpt: "Expression of interest for admission of new students for the course starting in October 2019"
category:
  - secretary
  - students
tags:
 - admission
 - application
---

Expression of interest for admission of new students for the course starting in October 2019

Eligibility criteria

The candidates should hold an undergraduate degree in the fields of Computer Engineering, Informatics, Electronic/Electrical Engineering, Physics, Mathematics or similar science fields, from recognised institutions in Greece or abroad. Applications may also be submitted by graduates of departments/faculties who have not completed their studies before the application deadline, who however are expected to graduate before the beginning of the program. These candidates may be conditionally accepted. These candidates, if successfully evaluated, will be requested to submit a Certificate of Completion of their studies by November 1st at the latest.

The selection criteria include: a graduation grade of at least 7/10 or equivalent, taking into account the graduation classification (Excellent, Very Good). The transcript of academic records should include subjects of at least 20 ECTS or equivalent in the area of computing. English language competence that can be proved by a certificate of linguistic skills at least of level B2 or equivalent.

Submission process – timeline

Phase 1. Prepare necessary documents and submit application through the application form by the 31st of August 2019. The supporting documents for Applications for Entry in the Master Program are:

Curriculum Vitae
Copies of Degree Certificates
Transcript of Academic Records
Motivation Letter of maximum 2 pages including the research interests of the candidate
Proof of English language competence (level B2 or higher) plus additional foreign language skills
Two Recommendation letters (details of recommenders)
Copies of Scientific Publications relevant to the topic of the Master Program (if available)
Photocopy of Identity Card or Passport
Photo (ID Card type)
Phase 2. The selection committee will invite candidates who meet the eligibility requirements for an interview (skype or in person) during the first week of September 2019.

Phase 3. Decision on selection of candidates. On September 10th, 2019 the decision of the selection committee will be announced. The candidates who have been selected, will be called to register with the University of Patras through its electronic registry by September 30th, 2019. The courses start on October the 1st.
